listen can you imagine waking up at 6
a.m. in the morning on a January to hear
the Best Picture nominee and you're up
that early and you hear the words
detective Pikachu producers Mary pick
that would be the wildest thing in the
world like I'm not even a die-hard
Pokemon fan but as I know many of you
probably were as well if you all grew up
playing the games on your gameboy color
in the middle of the night because you
just got that little light thing that
gets Inspector Gadget it into your
console and you felt like technology had
hit its peak maybe you remember old
YouTube in our Pokemon played a huge
part in the success of people like Smosh
and how they grew how Pokemon has the
potential to be so huge how would it be
surprised at probably not I personally
kind of really liked it I I know that
fan fans may have their logic ripes with
it I wouldn't argue with them but my
enjoyment level was at a junior price
and how would I mind seeing it again in
theaters is it really just Ryan Reynolds
doing what he did in Deadpool but now
for the whole family yeah I mean he
didn't even change his voice it just it
just sounds like him I personally don't
mind because when you really look at the
mathematics of Reynolds compared to the
other Ryan's yeah he may not be the
hottest he may not be the funniest but
when you combine his numbers ooh
his stats surpass everybody else but I'd
even argue that if they're able to play
their cards right with this pokemon has
the potential to be a big enough
property that can rival the MCU in the
future they already got the games the
cards the Lord this show for those who
even claim that oh you know I wasn't
raised with Pokemon I was invested with
them you you weren't invested in a
talking raccoon in space with a tree kid
either
now you are see I want a Pokemon ride at
Universal
I want the Pokemon Netflix series I want
everything that they could possibly add
to go along with the Pokemon Cinematic
Universe
let me explain so the movie we follow
this kid named Tim whose mom got
Bandersnatch when he was younger and
then was raised without any parents
because his dad decided to dip now that
he's older he gets the news that his dad
who we never got to know growing up died
in a car accident after a failed
experiments he was a part of and he
decides to go to retrieve his stuff in
this new city where he was living finds
a Pikachu in his apartment and thus we
get the greatest video game movie ever
make now I would argue that the central
story stands outside of having Pokemon
involved like you can definitely see the
Pokemon as a metaphor right early on it
most feels like it's about puberty
because he's yet to go through it
there's even a stigma between the dudes
making it sound like it's less about
catching them all and more about
catching them cheeks he's got his
wingman he's got protection and also
there's a self-defense side of it where
you can see it as kind of like bearing
arms some people are against having a
pokemon others believe in conceal and
carry with theirs but it's a crazy
dynamic in this world because your
Pokemon kind of is your pet but at the
same time it's a little too sentient so
it's almost like a a partner that you
have to be compatible with and it's not
really like a sibling because you're
picking it I'm sure people will find
however way to relate to it by the way
the movie is definitely about growing up
and moving on but the way that it plays
with genres is just fantastic just
looking at their inspirations you can
see that they had a lot of fun with it
the movie feels like a government
conspiracy film at one point then it's
this awkward coming-of-age tale it's a
monster movie then it's a noir that it
almost feels like memento and well I
know not everyone is going to like the
story it gets really crazy the third act
but I think we can all agree that the
world-building is insane we can argue
about character designs and how we would
prefer them but none of them are bad
they actually surprise me with how well
they interacted with their environments
or adapted their skills to a city
because the thing is is that I'm pretty
sure all the maps from the games are
still valid like all those gyms and
characters could still exist out there
we can get a story about Ashe we're just
for this one in this place called rhyme
city where integration has happened
right off the bat it felt a lot like a
live-action Zootopia for me with the way
that they had all these moving parts
they had the city that found a way to
kind of include Pokemon and change and
adapt for them it's a little weird
considering that I don't know how this
pokey legislation went about like how
did they vote on these laws on these
pokey rights if if they can't even
converse with the pokey leaders a who
speaks right I don't really know how all
of that works I just know that if they
had a Westworld edition of this pokey
mount world of rhyme city I'd visit it
the next day
you got squirtles as fire fighters I
think I saw a Charizard firing up a
brisket bobble was a neighborhood plug
you pretty much get invested into this
world and you get used to the rules you
you understand everything that's going
on so imagine your fabric of reality
just being torn to shreds
when you hear another species speaking
perfect English I'd be flustered
obviously all everyone else is seeing is
some weirdo conversing with this Pokemon
who's just saying but what's interesting
is that it turns out that this is his
dance Pokemon which first I thought well
if according to the rule everyone gets
their pokemon pretty young then when the
kid have met this Pikachu at some point
maybe I'm wrong I don't know
either way it's crazy to see that you
now have a kid who never felt his father
was there for him and now he's stuck
kind of taking care of the Pikachu which
his father had as a partner and did
decide to keep by a side and in case
anyone thinks that this is supposed to
be like Ash's Pikachu because I know
some people didn't know that there's
dozens of Pikachu out there there isn't
just one right I was hearing some people
like who were really confused thinking
there really was only one and they
thought freakin Pikachu was committing
adultery or something what's crazy about
this particular one though is that it's
mine has been completely erased it knows
that it has a pokemon trainer owner or
whatever they call him but Tim realizes
that his pops never left him it turns
out that his dad was just working really
hard in order to find a way to reunite
with the son before an accident happened
so if hearing a Pokemon speak English
for the first time wasn't a trip enough
for this kid now he feels like Jon Snow
realizing that he knows absolutely
nothing about his life everything he's
known has just been flipped and Tim's
blaming himself while weighing and guilt
because he feels he's the one who now
pushed his father away I don't know what
it is with all these family-friendly
films having the most crazy parental
issues but poor Tim you just wanted
justice that's what we get this Fight
Club scene where we see that battling in
the city was you know all the
regulations it comes off more like
Michael Vick than UFC if you catch my
drift
it is a cliche scene but again I love
how it showed you a whole other side to
the city that's completely different at
night there's literally a dude with a
Charizard body tattoo in his neck
leading up to his head of course gang
cars would be the ones who are feeling
that night life but Pikachu ends up even
having this erectile dysfunction from
infinity war because he can't use his
powers for some reason watch it along
the way of solving this murder they also
befriend Nancy Drew over here who pulls
up with a Psyduck and
I'm gonna just say if you pull up with a
side compatibility with your Pokemon I
think says a lot about a person cuz if
you're a girl who's hanging out with a
Psyduck the Pokemon who's always walking
around with a headache we all know that
person right we all know that girl one
of our boys is dating her if you're a
lady watching this video going I've
never met that person hmm I also think
this movie earns its spacejam
certificate of innuendos you know the
audience was taking turns laughing with
this one mr. mime would lock himself up
in a box and the kiddos were having a
good laugh but then Tim would say
something like he's good at being at
home alone at night and on the other
half of the audience I was way older
chuckled reason I feel this has
potential to expand what spin-offs it's
because of how they play with tropes
like each Pokemon has a specific
stereotype which I'm sure in their world
would be a cliche like if this movie
played in rhyme city they probably would
give it like a negative on Rotten
Tomatoes but here what would be a
standard interrogation scene for us
where you know it follows the same beats
of waterboarding your suspect gassing
them up as we like to see in children's
movies they also do that here but
there's a twist to it because it's a
mind Pokemon they're dealing with it's a
cliche yet it feels remixed they don't
do that with the villain though there's
a super-rich guy and his son that they
keep showing throughout the movie and
you're led to believe that the son is
the one who's evil he's duping the dad
but there's a scene where senior
Clifford here pretends to help the main
characters who Clifford might have the
night king security because how do these
two children practically just get into
this highs and narrow mind he has this
Detroit hologram display that allows you
to see the world you know he's in a
wheelchair so he can't leave the world
so he made the world come to him ba
status but this thing is a crazy piece
of technology that allows you to see a
moment in time
yet he pauses the video right as it's
about to get to the big reveal and he
just tells the people I y'all gonna have
to figure it out yourselves just show
them y'all really gonna pull a brand
Starke here then you realizes because
he's a bad guy
see old Clifford here is trying to
exploit Pokemon for their genetics he's
trying to take their gene of evolution
and use it on himself since he's in a
wheelchair you know I've heard
disability groups complain about this
and yeah I see your guy's points
I would just be mad just because of how
dummy is period that we're talking about
a dude who is filthy rich like Tony
Stark buying roads a suit so he can walk
again rich so I don't know why he's
doing this animal testing I mean it
technically is animal cruelty but again
they're sentient so I don't know how
much of it counts ISM human trafficking
it's just a weird option to go if you're
trying to walk again it gets even
weirder when he puts this ready player
one device on his head and starts
controlling Mewtwo like his soul
practically goes into Mewtwo's body and
then he decides for whatever reason to
take the entirety of Rime city and
release this gas that will combine every
owner with their Pokemon their body just
disappears and then the pokey managers
live in their edition of get out this is
systemic and I will not stand it was
also one of the lamest pokemons by the
way I just want to get that out there
I'm not saying he's not cool
he's got interesting powers I'm just
saying he's a scrappy-doo with a Bunter
I never trust anyone who's always
switching sides and don't even be
compatible with this thing right
creating these Coraline looking clones
remember how I mentioned the whole genre
mashup well Danny in this movie straight
up becomes mission impossible like they
don't even care that misty jr. is
walking around with a boat cutter for no
reason they just have her say don't
worry about it I was okay with it I mean
I mean the whole earth gets a nurse in
this film Tim sure to die easily but he
also survived Jurassic world so you know
they're inevitable what it does come
down to is this crazy reveal this this
Mari result where I was flabbergasted
because we get this little flashback
with Mewtwo who they were doing these
experiments on because he's so powerful
but I guess Mewtwo is so powerful that
they had to portray him like the second
coming like tell me online when I say
that they didn't treat Mewtwo like Jesus
Christ himself at the Ascension I swear
his lines in the script were probably in
red but of course he's so powerful that
all he has to do is snap and everything
gets reversed Rhyme City is restored the
bad guy is dunzo
and Tim learns that Mewtwo actually
saved his father during the accident by
putting his body inside of Pikachu
wiping their memories and that's why he
was able to talk to him the whole time
and how the father survived what you
mean to tell me this boy did
recognize his own father's voice who he
did know a little bit of even if you
don't know like the voice voice you
would know the specific way he talks
because I mean yeah I mean he didn't
even change his voice it just it just
sounds like him either way new to then
fixes the dad's body returns his soul as
father and son finally are able to
rekindle a relationship that was
hindered for so many year but I'm pretty
sure the dad was hate if you couldn't
tell me this before I bought you the
ticket thank you guys for checking out
this video I'm curious know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section I'm curious to know what your
Pokemon would be you know how we said it
would be Charizard but then you grow up
and you realize how much how much of an
insomniac you are you're like give me a
Jigglypuff give me two I'll take those
any single day I'm here sooner your
thoughts down below in the comment
section I'm sure fans probably caught so
many more things I like the little
nuances like having the the text
actually be the same font that it was in
the video games I did think they did
have it to our little bogus because you
know pokey my courage has been Pokemon
adding that whole thing at the end like
why'd y'all do gym like that I don't you
know poor Jimmy over here is still sore
that Marvel broke his records
now James James still has four more
avatar movies to go like poor guy but uh
I would say this is a better version of
avatar over time about that ending and
yeah I don't even think the ending was
that great because it makes sense but I
am more interested in seeing this as a
pilot right like this could be the start
of so many other things there's so many
different variations of Pokemon out
there we can get stories that we like on
the big screen from characters from the
games from the show I know people would
like to see ash misty and Brock I
personally just want to see the
Butterfree story done right on the big
screen that's what I want to see take
your lion king your land and give me
that story I'll be there day one two
three and week five I'm curious to know
your thoughts about this what you want
to see in a sequel in a reboot it's
anything dealing with this down below in
the comment section don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and we'll
direct the live-action you--you'll movie